
------------------------- Project Pseudo Code ----------------------------------

Set Up
  1. Set up work flow
    - Gulp
    - Node
    - Folders
    - Github
  2. Sort out data sets
    - Accommodation data
    - User details
    - User preference
  3. Look at libraries and plugins for
    - Sliders
    - Maps
    - Date pickers
    - Validators
    - Animation (very last thing)

App Skeleton
  1. Make all pages in html/css first

------------------------- Individual Page Pseudo Code --------------------------

LOADING ANIMATION (still deciding whether to add it or not)
  1. Make a loading circle that disappears when slide has fully loaded

NIGHTS
  1. Make image that shows how many people is being picked with the counter
  2. Make counter that when increased/decreased - update user preference data and change image to the appropriate image
  4. Make "continue" button that when clicked slides to MAP section

PEOPLE
  1. Make image that shows how many people is being picked with the counter
  2. Make counter that when increased/decreased - update user preference data and change image to the appropriate image
  4. Make "continue" button that when clicked slides to MAP section

MAP
  1. Make map with location pointers. Display location pointers that are valid to - user preference data.
  2. Display an accommodation card that shows recommended location based on - user preference data
  3. Make filter button that when clicked pop up/module appears to allow user to alter preferences. If preferences altered, update accommodation card
  4. When location pointer clicked update accommodation card
  5. When accommodation card clicked slide to DETAILS

DETAILS
  1. Make image of location (can become a slideshow if there is time)
  2. Display accommodation information
  3. Make 'x' or back button that allows users to go back to the MAP
  3. Make a dropdown for "meal options"
  4. When "meal options" clicked show different meals available to that accommodation - update user total
  5. Show date and when clicked display date picker
  6. Make "book" button that when clicked slides to BOOK. Only continue if a valid date has been inputted
  6. If user has not input a valid date, highlight date red and show pop up message

BOOK
  1. Display user details data set on DOM, can be altered
  2. Display accommodation details data on DOM
  3. Calculate total cost of accommodation and selected meal, show on DOM
  4. Make text/number inputs for payment details
  5. Make a "send booking" button

THANKS
  1. Display thank you message and 'an email will be sent out to you with your booking details'
